Fix pipeline globs (#2723)
databricks/cli: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

## Release v0.248.0

### Notable Changes

> * Fixed a regression with pipeline library globs introduced in 0.247.0 ([#2723](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2723)). The issue caused glob patterns to fail when using paths relative to a directory outside the bundle root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression with pipeline library globs introduced in 0.247.0 ([#2723](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2723)). The issue caused glob patterns to fail when using paths relative to a directory that is not the bundle root.
```

Otherwise it reads like the issue is when the directory is outside bundle root.

* Do not exit early when checking incompatible tasks for specified DBR ([#2692](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2692))
* Removed include/exclude flags support from bundle sync command ([#2718](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2718))
* Do not clean up Python artifacts dist and build folder in "bundle validate", do it in "bundle deploy". This reverts the behaviour introduced in 0.245.0 ([#2722](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2722))

> * Fixed a regression with pipeline library globs introduced in 0.247.0 ([#2723](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2723))

Reviewer: Could you add a short blurb about what kind of patterns regressed (i.e. glob that needs relative path resolution against bundle root)?

Can you also move it to the "Notable Changes" section?

Author: Fixed
